---
layout: post
title:  "W01: Brainstorming ideas for the project"
date:   2015-02-05 17:26:25
categories: blog
---


# What
After my tutor Fiore rejected my ironic and provocative ***Pastafarian interactive helmet*** (what a pity!) I tried to think of a little more serious project.
I have always been interested in recycling and reusing waste materials. So I tried to imagine some other features in the *Fablab of the future*. This *Fablab* could be able not just to make (almost) anything but it could be also capable to provide its own raw materials by recycling as much as possible. I thought of an imaginary all purposes DiY machine able to recognize and ***recycle (almost) anything***.
 
Obviously it's a very ambitious project so I tried to start just the **first brick**. What about recycling glass? Plastic materials? mmm. Organic waste is already commonly recycled as compost. So I thought about a project involving **paper**.

There is already plenty of children tutorials to recycle paper at home, i.e. [this one](http://faidatemania.pianetadonna.it/come-fare-la-carta-riciclata-attivita-per-bambini-96679.html#steps_2.). As much as there is plenty of [industrial machines](http://www.alibaba.com/showroom/recycle-paper-machine.html).


#Why
Because it's **fun** to make things of your own.

Because building an easy paper making kit lets **anybody** experiment with paper. 

#Experimenting with conductive materials and paper

In my project I would like to embed different materials and components during the process of paper making. I will start by adding metal or other conductive fibers and textiles in the mixture, ***experimenting with paper and electricity***.

